README.md, before:

### For more information about coogger project
#### English
- [@coogger - english](https://www.coogger.com/filter/?username=coogger&language=english)
- [Detailed-instructions-to-use-the-profile-settings](https://www.coogger.com/@steemkitchen/detailed-instructions-to-use-the-profile-settings-for-wwwsteemkitchencom/)

#### Turkish
- [@coogger - turkish](https://www.coogger.com/filter/?username=coogger&language=turkish)
- [@hakancelik - turkish]https://www.coogger.com/filter/?username=hakancelik&topic=coogger&language=turkish)
- [$coogger - turkish]https://www.coogger.com/filter/?topic=coogger&language=turkish)

-------------

- [@coogger account](https://www.coogger.com/@coogger/)
- [@hakancelik account](https://www.coogger.com/@hakancelik/)

-------------

[![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)](https://github.com/coogger/blob/master/LICENSE.txt)

### Usage

- pip install -r requirements.txt

```python
python manage.py makemigrations
python manage.py makemigrations django_steemconnect
python manage.py makemigrations cooggerapp
python manage.py migrate
python manage.py runserver

```

------------------
#### Repository

![](https://steemitimages.com/0x0/https://cdn.steemitimages.com/DQmV7q45hYaS1TugkYDmR4NtUuLXjMGDEnN2roxGGXJeYgs)

In this post I will present the following topics:

- What is coogger?
- The story of coogger project?
- Vision
- Mission
- New features of coogger?
- How I build a community using coogger?
- How I can set my community settings?
- How can I share post any community which builds using coogger?
- Roadmap

### What is coogger?
Coogger is an ecosystem where is knowledge sharing network which can build communities, it provides them a steem blockchain-based web platform and management.

### The Story of Coogger Project
Before I started doing the project, I read the following advice from the internet: ‘I think everyone should keep a blog, if they share any topics on they know, other people will know the topics too and people who share will have a note that will look after’ I wanted to open my own blog site, but I must code it myself because I am a developer who encodes and reinforces the topics I have learned.

Then I thought, why do I only do a blog page for myself, must make a blog page for everyone, I think that everyone can learn everything if they write what they know.

Then the valerian film went into vision, there was a space station on the first scene of this film. All kinds of aliens communities come to this space station and were categorized according to their expertise. The aliens were doing their best work in this station and the technology and the station was developing fast on this track.

A few friends had shared content after I took to live the project. I was thinking of how they could make money people who share in Coogger, and I wanted to look for alternative ways of advertising. then I met steem and everything about my life changed, and then I had a great excitement because my dream could be real now, it could be a space station where communities come together, categorize their contents could share on any communities and make money for it.

### Vision
<hr>Knowledge sharing network for sharing knowledge of all communities in one place.<hr>


### Mission
I'm constantly updating the coogger project to reach my main goal and trying to get the missing features as soon as possible, plus I'm trying to provide community leaders and moderators with easier, faster and more reliable community management services.

### New features of coogger?
I share all of the Coogger updates as the utopian contribution, so I want to leave addresses instead of writing long in order not to bother you.

- [Huge Updates for coogger.com - Coogger for Communities](https://steemit.com/utopian-io/@hakancelik/huge-updates-for-coogger-com-coogger-for-communities)
- [Coogger Update: Account History, Detail Upvote Button, communities Page and Seo](https://steemit.com/utopian-io/@hakancelik/coogger-update-account-history-detail-upvote-button-communities-page-and-seo)
- [Coogger API update | Coogger-python - V0.2.1 | How to use coogger-python](https://www.coogger.com/@hakancelik/coogger-api-update-coogger-python-v021-how-to-use-coogger-python/)
- [Coogger Update | Admin Interface - Share Button - Coogger.reward - Editor Templates and Desing](https://www.coogger.com/@hakancelik/coogger-update-admin-interface-share-button-cooggerreward-editor-templates-and-desing/)
- [Coogger Updates - All steem accounts and posts can viewable | Wallet, Comments, Activity | Donate Section | Comment, Reply Section](https://www.coogger.com/@hakancelik/coogger-updates-all-steem-accounts-and-posts-can-viewable-wallet-comments-activity-donate-section-comment-reply-section/)

### How I build a community using coogger?
Now users can't create a community directly from coogger.com. I'm trying to do this automatically. I hope I can get this done automatically with the next update.

for now, Users who want to build a community using coogger must contact me, then I create a community on [admin community build section](https://www.coogger.com/admin/django_steemconnect/community/) and I set this user as a community manager, and finally, They can enter the admin section and they can edit own community settings, after that their communities sites is live.

> Note: Community leaders have to a steemconnect application.

<hr>If community leaders want to add custom domain like example.com, I give them cname for that, but They don't want to I will set domain name like example.coogger.com

<ceter>![coogger community.PNG](https://cdn.steemitimages.com/DQmTcmeMHHfjzSWeAeJzmjy8ZLvJ6PVnhBt5pLYhwztNbXb/coogger%20community.PNG)</ceter>

In addition, You can see  Other [*Communities Built Using The Coogger Ecosystem*](https://www.coogger.com/communities/) this address by visiting.

> Note : Only active communities appear.

### How I can set my community settings?

Community leaders and mods can edit, create or delete own community settings
For example :
- Categories and category templates
- Steemconnect app secret
- Beneficiaries percent
- Steemconnect client id
- Post template
- Add mods
- Steemconnect scopes
- Name
- Steemconnect redirect URL
- Login redirect
- Icon address
- Definition
- Hostname
- Image address

For more detail of these operations read as below:

- [ADMIN SECTİON FOR COMMUNITY LEADERS](https://github.com/coogger/coogger/blob/super-coogger/ADMIN_SECT%C4%B0ON_FOR_COMMUNITY_LEADERS.md)
- [ADMIN SECTİON FOR MODS](https://github.com/coogger/coogger/blob/super-coogger/ADMIN_SECT%C4%B0ON_FOR_MODS.md)

### How can I share post any community which builds using coogger?

Post any community which builds using coogger is very easy because of category template.

I give an example using this address, do not forget the topics I'll describe now are the same for all coogger communities sites :
- [https://www.coogger.com/](https://www.coogger.com/)

After clicking the plus icon, an interface appears to post content.
<br>
![post on coogger.PNG](https://cdn.steemitimages.com/DQmNvk9B9Vx9Rpz2mnXwAPCKMvE3PNFaYBnKLzTH7DanH1B/post%20on%20coogger.PNG)
<br>
<hr>
If you want to get help using the category template editor, you can view the editor template by clicking the <span gnrl="c-success">**Need help? check this address for <span gnrl="c-dark">development</span> category.**</span> messages, like this as below.

![development- coogger.PNG](https://cdn.steemitimages.com/DQmQGekSMSwAnRGU4KZjfyzfbME261MRfedqMD7kWwQEAWe/development-%20coogger.PNG)

#### Language
You should choose the language in which you want to write your content, your content cannot be multiple languages.

#### Topic
content topic means that what is your post topic (or content curriculum). for example, this post topic is coogger, and address of my coogger curriculum is [coogger/@hakancelik/](https://www.coogger.com/coogger/@hakancelik/), users' content topics appear on user pages.

Example ;
https://www.coogger.com/@hakancelik/
<br>
![](https://cdn.steemitimages.com/DQmXToW6zpJ1boRUatpoNfhxkYgTDPTFBLUSuxv7Zc5auGh)
<br>
> Note ;
Since coogger.com is the main site, all contents which shared on other communities sites which were build using coogger can be displayed.

### Roadmap
I have a few plans to bring the coogger project to better places, I have written a few of them below.

- I am planning to make community building on coogger through user friendly form.
- I'm thinking about improving the comments section and making it more user friendly.
- Different community building plans.
- Different community templates

<hr><span gnrl="c-secondary txt-s">Thanks for reading, please feel free to comment, resteem, upvote or support if you like coogger project or my effort.</span>

Commit message:

community features removed, dapp features added | community --> dapp

README.md, after:

### For more information about coogger project
#### English
- [@coogger - english](https://www.coogger.com/filter/?username=coogger&language=english)
- [Detailed-instructions-to-use-the-profile-settings](https://www.coogger.com/@steemkitchen/detailed-instructions-to-use-the-profile-settings-for-wwwsteemkitchencom/)

#### Turkish
- [@coogger - turkish](https://www.coogger.com/filter/?username=coogger&language=turkish)
- [@hakancelik - turkish]https://www.coogger.com/filter/?username=hakancelik&topic=coogger&language=turkish)
- [$coogger - turkish]https://www.coogger.com/filter/?topic=coogger&language=turkish)

-------------

- [@coogger account](https://www.coogger.com/@coogger/)
- [@hakancelik account](https://www.coogger.com/@hakancelik/)

-------------

[![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)](https://github.com/coogger/blob/master/LICENSE.txt)

### Usage

- pip install -r requirements.txt

```python
python manage.py makemigrations
python manage.py makemigrations django_steemconnect
python manage.py makemigrations cooggerapp
python manage.py migrate
python manage.py runserver

```

------------------
#### Repository

![](https://steemitimages.com/0x0/https://cdn.steemitimages.com/DQmV7q45hYaS1TugkYDmR4NtUuLXjMGDEnN2roxGGXJeYgs)

In this post I will present the following topics:

- What is coogger?
- The story of coogger project?
- Vision
- Mission
- New features of coogger?
- How I build a dapp using coogger?
- How I can set my dapp settings?
- How can I share post any dapp which builds using coogger?
- Roadmap

### What is coogger?
Coogger is an ecosystem where is knowledge sharing network which can build communities, it provides them a steem blockchain-based web platform and management.

### The Story of Coogger Project
Before I started doing the project, I read the following advice from the internet: ‘I think everyone should keep a blog, if they share any topics on they know, other people will know the topics too and people who share will have a note that will look after’ I wanted to open my own blog site, but I must code it myself because I am a developer who encodes and reinforces the topics I have learned.

Then I thought, why do I only do a blog page for myself, must make a blog page for everyone, I think that everyone can learn everything if they write what they know.

Then the valerian film went into vision, there was a space station on the first scene of this film. All kinds of aliens communities come to this space station and were categorized according to their expertise. The aliens were doing their best work in this station and the technology and the station was developing fast on this track.

A few friends had shared content after I took to live the project. I was thinking of how they could make money people who share in Coogger, and I wanted to look for alternative ways of advertising. then I met steem and everything about my life changed, and then I had a great excitement because my dream could be real now, it could be a space station where communities come together, categorize their contents could share on any communities and make money for it.

### Vision
<hr>Knowledge sharing network for sharing knowledge of all communities in one place.<hr>


### Mission
I'm constantly updating the coogger project to reach my main goal and trying to get the missing features as soon as possible, plus I'm trying to provide dapp leaders and moderators with easier, faster and more reliable dapp management services.

### New features of coogger?
I share all of the Coogger updates as the utopian contribution, so I want to leave addresses instead of writing long in order not to bother you.

- [Huge Updates for coogger.com - Coogger for Communities](https://steemit.com/utopian-io/@hakancelik/huge-updates-for-coogger-com-coogger-for-communities)
- [Coogger Update: Account History, Detail Upvote Button, communities Page and Seo](https://steemit.com/utopian-io/@hakancelik/coogger-update-account-history-detail-upvote-button-communities-page-and-seo)
- [Coogger API update | Coogger-python - V0.2.1 | How to use coogger-python](https://www.coogger.com/@hakancelik/coogger-api-update-coogger-python-v021-how-to-use-coogger-python/)
- [Coogger Update | Admin Interface - Share Button - Coogger.reward - Editor Templates and Desing](https://www.coogger.com/@hakancelik/coogger-update-admin-interface-share-button-cooggerreward-editor-templates-and-desing/)
- [Coogger Updates - All steem accounts and posts can viewable | Wallet, Comments, Activity | Donate Section | Comment, Reply Section](https://www.coogger.com/@hakancelik/coogger-updates-all-steem-accounts-and-posts-can-viewable-wallet-comments-activity-donate-section-comment-reply-section/)

### How I build a dapp using coogger?
Now users can't create a dapp directly from coogger.com. I'm trying to do this automatically. I hope I can get this done automatically with the next update.

for now, Users who want to build a dapp using coogger must contact me, then I create a dapp on [admin dapp build section](https://www.coogger.com/admin/django_steemconnect/dapp/) and I set this user as a dapp manager, and finally, They can enter the admin section and they can edit own dapp settings, after that their communities sites is live.

> Note: dapp leaders have to a steemconnect application.

<hr>If dapp leaders want to add custom domain like example.com, I give them cname for that, but They don't want to I will set domain name like example.coogger.com

<ceter>![coogger dapp.PNG](https://cdn.steemitimages.com/DQmTcmeMHHfjzSWeAeJzmjy8ZLvJ6PVnhBt5pLYhwztNbXb/coogger%20community.PNG)</ceter>

In addition, You can see  Other [*Communities Built Using The Coogger Ecosystem*](https://www.coogger.com/communities/) this address by visiting.

> Note : Only active communities appear.

### How I can set my dapp settings?

Dapp leaders and mods can edit, create or delete own dapp settings
For example :
- Categories and category templates
- Steemconnect app secret
- Beneficiaries percent
- Steemconnect client id
- Post template
- Add mods
- Steemconnect scopes
- Name
- Steemconnect redirect URL
- Login redirect
- Icon address
- Definition
- Hostname
- Image address

For more detail of these operations read as below:

- [ADMIN SECTİON FOR DAPP LEADERS](https://github.com/coogger/coogger/blob/super-coogger/ADMIN_SECT%C4%B0ON_FOR_DAPP_LEADERS.md)
- [ADMIN SECTİON FOR MODS](https://github.com/coogger/coogger/blob/super-coogger/ADMIN_SECT%C4%B0ON_FOR_MODS.md)

### How can I share post any dapp which builds using coogger?

Post any dapp which builds using coogger is very easy because of category template.

I give an example using this address, do not forget the topics I'll describe now are the same for all coogger communities sites :
- [https://www.coogger.com/](https://www.coogger.com/)

After clicking the plus icon, an interface appears to post content.
<br>
![post on coogger.PNG](https://cdn.steemitimages.com/DQmNvk9B9Vx9Rpz2mnXwAPCKMvE3PNFaYBnKLzTH7DanH1B/post%20on%20coogger.PNG)
<br>
<hr>
If you want to get help using the category template editor, you can view the editor template by clicking the <span gnrl="c-success">**Need help? check this address for <span gnrl="c-dark">development</span> category.**</span> messages, like this as below.

![development- coogger.PNG](https://cdn.steemitimages.com/DQmQGekSMSwAnRGU4KZjfyzfbME261MRfedqMD7kWwQEAWe/development-%20coogger.PNG)

#### Language
You should choose the language in which you want to write your content, your content cannot be multiple languages.

#### Topic
content topic means that what is your post topic (or content curriculum). for example, this post topic is coogger, and address of my coogger curriculum is [coogger/@hakancelik/](https://www.coogger.com/coogger/@hakancelik/), users' content topics appear on user pages.

Example ;
https://www.coogger.com/@hakancelik/
<br>
![](https://cdn.steemitimages.com/DQmXToW6zpJ1boRUatpoNfhxkYgTDPTFBLUSuxv7Zc5auGh)
<br>
> Note ;
Since coogger.com is the main site, all contents which shared on other communities sites which were build using coogger can be displayed.

### Roadmap
I have a few plans to bring the coogger project to better places, I have written a few of them below.

- I am planning to make dapp building on coogger through user friendly form.
- I'm thinking about improving the comments section and making it more user friendly.
- Different dapp building plans.
- Different dapp templates

<hr><span gnrl="c-secondary txt-s">Thanks for reading, please feel free to comment, resteem, upvote or support if you like coogger project or my effort.</span>
