RULES.md, before:

### New community creation rules in coogger ecosystem
- The community accepts all the rules of the coogger ecosystem.
- Community managers' only role for the coogger ecosystem should be interested in their community.

### Content posting rules

- The category, the language and the topic name must be spelled correctly, that is, it must match the content.
- The content must be written according to markdown rules, not stolen and copied.
- If this rule does not fit, the user should be warned.
- The user edits the content and you approve.
- Content topic must be English

### Coogger pricing

- Community leaders must send $10 dollars per month to the @coogger.wallet account as SBD/STEEM.
- $10 dollars are used for maintenance, service and server fee.
- Payments must be send on the 10th of every month.
-------

#### If you accept these rules, you must send a commit to this file as write
```
I understand and accept to all the rules <community_name> | < @community_manager_username >
```

>Then check 
- [ADMIN_SECTİON_FOR_COMMUNITY_LEADERS.md](https://github.com/coogger/coogger/blob/super-coogger/ADMIN_SECT%C4%B0ON_FOR_COMMUNITY_LEADERS.md)
- [ADMIN_SECTİON_FOR_MODS.md](https://github.com/coogger/coogger/blob/super-coogger/ADMIN_SECT%C4%B0ON_FOR_MODS.md)
-----------------------

#### Communities that accept and participate all coogger ecosystem rules.

```
I Understand and accept all the rules <letsteem> | < @letsteem >
```

---------

Commit message:

community features removed, dapp features added | community --> dapp

RULES.md, after:

### New dapp creation rules in coogger ecosystem
- The dapp accepts all the rules of the coogger ecosystem.
- Dapp managers' only role for the coogger ecosystem should be interested in their dapp.

### Content posting rules

- The category, the language and the topic name must be spelled correctly, that is, it must match the content.
- The content must be written according to markdown rules, not stolen and copied.
- If this rule does not fit, the user should be warned.
- The user edits the content and you approve.
- Content topic must be English

### Coogger pricing

- Dapp leaders must send $10 dollars per month to the @coogger.wallet account as SBD/STEEM.
- $10 dollars are used for maintenance, service and server fee.
- Payments must be send on the 10th of every month.
-------

#### If you accept these rules, you must send a commit to this file as write
```
I understand and accept to all the rules <dapp_name> | < @dapp_manager_username >
```

>Then check
- [ADMIN_SECTİON_FOR_DAPP_LEADERS.md](https://github.com/coogger/coogger/blob/super-coogger/ADMIN_SECT%C4%B0ON_FOR_DAPP_LEADERS.md)
- [ADMIN_SECTİON_FOR_MODS.md](https://github.com/coogger/coogger/blob/super-coogger/ADMIN_SECT%C4%B0ON_FOR_MODS.md)
-----------------------

#### Communities that accept and participate all coogger ecosystem rules.

```
I Understand and accept all the rules <letsteem> | < @letsteem >
```

---------
